Add doc for creating partitioned/sorted tables (#426)
bodo-ai/Bodo: docs/docs/iceberg/read_write.md

    - Writing a Pandas Dataframe index to an Iceberg table is not supported. If `index` and `index_label`
      are provided, they will be ignored.
    - `chunksize`, `dtype` and `method` arguments are not supported and will be ignored if provided.

> #### Table Sorting and Partitioning {#iceberg-sorting-partitioning}

Reviewer: Minor: I think mentioning partitioning first is more important.
```suggestion
#### Table Partitioning and Sorting {#iceberg-sorting-partitioning}
```

> Bodo supports reading and writing Iceberg tables with partitioning and sorting. There currently is no support for creating a table with partitioning or sorting.
> To create a table with partitioning or sorting use Pyiceberg. Pyiceberg is a dependency of Bodo and is automatically installed when you install Bodo.

Reviewer: Minor improvement:
```suggestion
Bodo supports reading and writing Iceberg tables with partitioning and sorting. Bodo doesn't support creating a new table with partitioning or sorting yet. We recommend using PyIceberg to create a new empty table with partitioning and sorting specified and using Bodo for read and write of actual data. PyIceberg is a dependency of Bodo and is automatically installed when you install Bodo.
```

Reviewer: Add link to PyIceberg docs?

Example:  
```py
import pandas as pd
from pyiceberg import schema, types
from pyiceberg.partitioning import PartitionField, PartitionSpec
from pyiceberg.transforms import BucketTransform, DayTransform

import bodo
from bodo.io.iceberg.catalog import conn_str_to_catalog

# Establish a connection to the Iceberg catalog
catalog = conn_str_to_catalog("iceberg+file://iceberg_db")

# Define the schema for the Iceberg table
schema = schema.Schema(
        types.NestedField(0, "id", types.LongType()),  
        types.NestedField(1, "timestamp", types.TimestamptzType()),  
        types.NestedField(2, "data", types.StringType()),  # 
)

# Create the Iceberg table if it doesn't already exist
if not catalog.table_exists("default.test_table"):
        # Specify partitioning: bucket by ID and partition by day for timestamp

>     partition_spec = PartitionSpec(

Reviewer: Fix comment indentation.

                PartitionField(
                        transform=BucketTransform(3),  # Bucketing with 3 buckets
                        source_id=0,
                        field_id=1000,
                        name="bucket",
                    ),
                PartitionField(
                        transform=DayTransform(),  # Partitioning by day
                        source_id=1,
                        field_id=1001,
                        name="day",
                    ),
            )
        table = catalog.create_table(
                "default.test_table",
                schema=schema,
                partition_spec=partition_spec,
            )

@bodo.jit()
def append(df):
        # Append a DataFrame to the Iceberg table

>     df.to_sql("test_table", schema="default", con="iceberg+file://iceberg_db", if_exists="append")

Reviewer: Fix comment indentation.
